IFinding difference between files
how did viewing a diff between 2 versions help you spot the bug?

used
diff -u <old file name> <new file name>
and then spotted (- +) and figured out the typo
spacr instead of space.
----

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make
you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

In case of mess ups I could revert to previous 'safe' versions.
Can also learn how the program was eventually, gradually developed.
Can also reverse engineer programs by moving backwards one by one.
----

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when
to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions
automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

pro: you choose the different versions and not machine
- you have access to the different versions as they wanted.
- sometimes you may just be playing around and don't want that
to be saved as version - which otherwise may be saved in case
of automatic saves

Cons: you may forget to commit - big mistake
- you may commit too big(too many changes in less versions) OR
too small commits (too many files with each a small change)
----

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git,
allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others,
like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

so that interrelated changes can be mapped - as in how
multiple files were changed to accommodate a new feature.
----

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view
the history of files?

git log is to see all the commits, starting with the most recent
on top. You can use 'q' to quit out of git log
git diff is to find the difference between two commits.
----

How might using version control make you more confident to make
changes that could break something?

you can always 'git checkout' to revert to a version when things
were all fine. The commit which introduced the bug will be erroneous.
----

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to
try using Git for?

For getting awesome depositaries from different people, change
them and make my own versions to experiment & learn.
----

